Update landing pages (#3368)
canonical/ubuntu-pro-client: docs/howtoguides/attach_index.rst

.. _attach_index:

Attach a machine to a subscription
**********************************

> To access Ubuntu Pro services, you need to attach your machine to a
> subscription. The most commonly used way is to attach a single machine using
> ``pro attach``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access Ubuntu Pro services, you need to attach your machine to a
subscription. The most common way to attach a single machine is
``pro attach``:
```

* :ref:`How to attach <attach>`

If you have a paid subscription and want to check a specific token to see what
will happen if you attach to it, you can simulate the attach operation (without

> attaching anything):

Reviewer 2: instead of "without attaching anything" maybe we could something on the lines of "no changes will be made to your machine", something that explains the simulation better perhaps?

Author: Good idea - updated (let me know if it's better)
